Implemented Specs v3.0 (#17)
toon-format/toon-dotnet: README.md

[![.NET version](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-8.0%20%7C%209.0-512BD4)](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](./LICENSE)

> Compact, human-readable serialization format for LLM contexts with **30-60% token reduction** vs JSON. Combines YAML-like indentation with CSV-like tabular arrays. Fully compatible with the [official TOON specification v3.0](https://github.com/toon-format/spec).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Token-Oriented Object Notation** is a compact, human-readable encoding of the JSON data model that minimizes tokens and makes structure easy for models to follow. Combines YAML-like indentation with CSV-like tabular arrays. Fully compatible with the [official TOON specification v3.0](https://github.com/toon-format/spec).
```
